well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so tonight we've got a story of
redemption maybe maybe it's Redemption
maybe it's something else we don't
really know time makes people forget
things so maybe we're not real sure
about what tomorrow may bring it might
be bring redemption for somebody well
this may not be remembered everybody
remembers Mickey and Mallory right
Mickey and Mallory Knox traveling route
666 on a spree all God's creatures do it
in one way or another so here's the
crazy thing they have a historical
counterpart circumstances may have been
a little bit different though that
couple Charles Starkweather and Carol
Fugate there are multiple narratives
about what went down but what we do know
is that Carol well she was 14 and he was
19 the narrative that is going to be
tested tomorrow is that while she was
only long for the ride to protect her
family she thought that if she went with
him will they be spared the reality is
they were already gone but she may not
have known that that spree lasted not a
week took 10 1 the year before an
additional one the year before but
wasn't known about Carol got life at the
age of 14 she served 18 years and then
was released she is now 76 years old and
she's petitioning for a pardon
this pardon is backed by the
granddaughter of one of the victims the
idea is that if this were true of a curt
day Carroll would be treated as a victim
witness wouldn't have been tried at all
she would have been used to ensure stark
weathers conviction Charles Starkweather
of the Starkweather homicide at this
point she's 76 years old her time is
served long since the pardon itself
means nothing except maybe to those
around today now that if this situation
were to occur today we would go the
extra step and perhaps hear out the
story of the 14 year old that
accompanied the 19 year old on a road
trip of mayhem so tomorrow is the day
goes up before the board and we'll have
to wait and see what happens anyway
that's just the fault y'all have a good
night